Release k6 v0.39.1 (#2588)
grafana/k6: release notes/v0.39.0.md

> k6 v0.39.0 was never released because of problems with our CI release process. Howeever, because the v0.39.0 git tag already exists, we have left this file here. Please see the k6 v0.39.1 release notes instead for the actual release details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
k6 v0.39.0 was never released because of problems with our CI release process. However, because the v0.39.0 git tag already exists, we have left this file here. Please see the k6 [v0.39.1](https://github.com/grafana/k6/blob/master/release%20notes/v0.39.1.md) release notes instead for the actual release details.
```

Author: :-1: this link won't work in the [releases page](https://github.com/grafana/k6/releases), and I don't think we can make a link that will work in both places

Reviewer: ```suggestion
k6 v0.39.0 was never released because of problems with our CI release process. However, because the v0.39.0 git tag already exists, we have left this file here. Please see the k6 v0.39.1 release notes instead for the actual release details.
```
Then we just need to fix this typo.
